I think I'll just tell you some things
about me okay I would like to I would
like to get a dog that's something you
don't know about me I'd love to get a
dog because one of my hobbies is
squinting I like to please play like a
dog because if you have a dog you can
say whatever you want to the dog can't
you complain only once
you know tell the dog all your problems
and the most a dog can say it's like I
love your mother
alright whatever whatever you were
trying to say they look so beautiful mum
wow wow wow
I like good dog I will get a high one
because I hurt my back in September let
me get one of those tall and what I like
to do is I like to cook and clan other
people's lives I can do the two those
things at the same time simultaneously
we say my country
I like I like doing us and I used to
think I would plan other people's lives
because I carried about them so much you
know so I'd be like she just moved there
and they should break up
but he should work there I plan
everyone's life and I was like I just
care about everyone big heart but at
times I just isn't very controlling Oh
which is actually a flaw
[Music]
once I was making an marmalade in
February which is marmalade season in
Ireland and handler polyol that
preserves
who'd be German one lady at the back in
a card room it's like with us I was
almost out of people's and people like
to plan for because they had gone
through all the stages that I had
planned for like all of my family
everyone I loved all of my friends and
then like people that is heard about one
strike
and I knew I was getting kind of
desperate because I started thinking
about Nelly Furtado and I don't actually
know Nelly but and that one the final
stages which is heating up the gyres put
the Merriman I didn't because you know
you have to heat up it right there
there's a rapper ballad part of wallets
heart part of wallet so am I see empty
jars and I family I think my Nelly
Furtado and I was like she needs to work
on her image you know like is she gonna
be like a cool girl next door is she's
gonna be sexy mama what is it Nelly your
image is confusing for consumers and
then I was like wait what are you doing
what you think you vendetta Vitalis
aesthetic I'm sure wherever she is she's
not thinking about you and I was blue
for a few seconds but then I remembered
her hit single manager and I thought
that could have been written about me
to make you want
[Music]
so I'd better go